>> Mike North: I just wanna recap
the kinds of things we set out to do here.
So hopefully we have a good idea
about where the line between modern
JavaScript and TypeScript is.
All of the stuff like generator functions,
async and
await, they can be used with JavaScript.
Types, generics, that kind of thing,
interfaces, all of that
has to do with TypeScript.
And more and
more it seems like TypeScript just is
focused on the types simply because a lot
of the ideas that were successful in
the TypeScript ecosystem are now inspiring
similar language features being
developed in the JavaScript ecosystem.
But we spent some time today
working with TypeScript and React.
And hopefully you get to feel that you
have a lot more structure, you have a lot
more compile time assurance that you're
passing the right things to a component.
That when you reach into state or
props you're not gonna get
mixed up between those two
because it's almost like there's a white
list of things you're allowed to see.
I even spotted around the room
some typos being caught
just because you had one letter too
short on the name of a property, and
like you got some immediate
feedback that that was happening.
We definitely used the power of
types to make our code expressive.
And that it's very clear what these
different types of functions we built
want, and we're able to
basically throw up a red flag
if we're ever misaligning the pieces of
code that weren't made to go together.
When we started stripping away
some of the type definitions,
particularly like in that autocomplete
function, we got rid of some of
the explicit type definitions on
values that functions were returning.
We see the type inference can
go a long way to figuring out
what these things are gonna be without
us having to explicitly say so,
which makes for easier refactoring.
And then, hopefully, we've seen through
the use of explicit entities and implicit
entities and going through and sort of
starting with loose type definitions and
then tightening them up over time to sort
of lock some constraints into place.
We can see how adopting TypeScript and
the JavaScript object and
starting with a few areas of code and
moving forward, that
is a different prospect than say switching
to something like CoffeeScript where
it's a completely different programming
language and it's sort of a big upheaval.
This is meant to be something
where you do a few adjustments
as you flip the switch on.
And then almost like
moving from CSS to SASS or
something like that, you can take
advantage of more features that
are TypeScript specific as you
choose to take advantage of those.
But you can just start by adopting it at
sort of a basic level and move from there.
So I hope you enjoyed the course.
And I hope this encourages you to take
advantage of typing in your JavaScript and
TypeScript projects.
Thanks a lot.
>> [APPLAUSE]